Hi, guys. In this tutorial I'm going to
use
a workflow like this using the LTX 2.3
to create 29 video seconds, around 30
seconds video. As you can see, this is
the result at the end of the video.
Welcome to Unreal Fusion.
You talk too much.
Yeah.
But I fight better.
Okay, 30 seconds video. Don't forget to
subscribe to Unreal Fusion.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the comfy
UI.
Okay, you run it.
Okay, as you can see, this is my
workflow.
Okay, before we begin working
for our videos,
to set up this model, you can watch the
previous video. You can get the link on
the description. After that, go right
here.
Okay, in this video I'm going to create
30 seconds video
using this model. Okay? How to do that?
We have a little change right here. Make
exactly as you can see.
Uh this quality HD
knowledge. Okay, set this video.
Okay,
it's around 720
frames.
Okay, let's set it. Let's see if it
works or not.
Okay, fine.
And now,
uh we have to go right here.
Add create prompt. Okay, let's use this
uh
uh that cool.
And we have at zero other other things.
Here let's go here to ChatGPT.
Okay.
Change
this
quality
for 30 seconds.
It's your
home make
fight
between
two
of them.
And you can proceed.
What can
do
Unreal
Fusion
make it like
Okay, I think it's fine.
Okay, that's it.
Click the
button. Welcome to Unreal Fusion. Okay,
fine.
Uh this is the scene description.
You can
go right here and copy all of those.
Copy
and change this this rating.
Okay, this is negative prompt. Make it
as you can see.
Uh now let's run it and let's see if it
works or not.
It's on.
Uh
Uh okay, as you can see, it's uh
29 seconds, around 30 seconds. Okay,
that's our video.
Welcome to Unreal Fusion.
You talk too much.
Yeah.
But I fight better.
>> [groaning]
>> Don't forget to subscribe to Unreal
Fusion.
Uh as you can see, this is my video.
Thank you guys for watching. This all
for this tutorial.